Added Suspend user in AAD (#558)
MicrosoftDocs/ATADocs: ATPDocs/remediation-actions.md

The following actions can be performed directly on the on-premises account:

> - **Disable user in AD**: This will temporarily prevent a user from logging in to the on-premises network. This can help prevent compromised users from moving laterally and attempting to exfiltrate data or further compromise the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Disable user in Active Directory**: This will temporarily prevent a user from logging in to the on-premises network. This can help prevent compromised users from moving laterally and attempting to exfiltrate data or further compromise the network.
```

> - **Suspend user in AAD**: This will temporarily prevent a user from logging in to Azure Active Directory. This can help prevent compromised users from attempting to exfiltrate data and minimizes the time between Disable user in AD and the sync of this status to the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Suspend user in Azure Active Directory**: This will temporarily prevent a user from logging in to Azure Active Directory. This can help prevent compromised users from attempting to exfiltrate data and minimizes the time between Disable user in Active Directory and the sync of this status to the cloud.
```
